[music]
but
I
one
lacie
[applause]
[music]
heaps of my star
cuprina rings
give heart
and
the years
easy for the team 1
[applause]
[music]
she is
Mousa that night
at
prime
[music]
[applause]
painting
languages ​​.
[music]
no guilt
knew.
charters gnome type seal greta
at
cat's whiskers tell you all
but
[music]
apa
but
highly
speak
[music]
but
on
saved myself playing
our
I'm weak on
shocked
Yes
[applause]
Anyuta somehow it seemed to me that you
the time of the performance was not on the seventh
heaven of happiness
fight you wanted to go on stage and
become 4 member of the factory group
First, I want to say hello Sasha
Sasha is my pupil I am proud of sting
landing today was stealing great
this performance of my guys I understand you
it was hard to understand that a little bit not
your genre but I think everyone will say now
Kostya and I will tell you all backstage
Konstantin I think you learned Sasha by
occasionally and personally, I also recognized her because
that almost everyone is not on the jury
I want to go in via
Sasha did not get Viagra
but her fate was so she
big stage she sings in the famous
team
First of all, I am very happy to see with us in
Away this wonderful axis group
afraid very happy and certainly very happy
see here sasha because i think
it's deeply symbolic that's it on
at this stage understand what even those guys
who do not win in our projects
they still find their way on on
big stage and it should be
encouraging factor with regards to
your speech I can't
comment it without laughing you see
because I was very feeling with
the first bars that girls sang this song
and you sing like hindered as to 44
hooligans who actually
brutally pester intelligent
beautiful mehovushka what force males
it was not bad because it
of course due to the fact that you have two months
live far away from civilization not
seen women in your place i 'm afraid i
would still be disgusting
but listening was hard
guys and you all heard ask you
waiting for faith
[applause]
you're laughing now because you
girls did not get dumbbells that gives
so I did not understand why
but I kind of with her she was on really
Actually I 1 3 Monica differently but because
that all they said is fair
the truth is simple and send you see them three
Well, they are not like that, but when I
I sing I watch
but I try and look into the eyes and
it turns out that way but it’s difficult
describe it this of course is very funny
it sounds sad to
really really awful for the first time
it's not even bad because even you
know to make of favorites in your
team you know what I'm with is not
I support you and somehow all of you
libitum and here I was just stunned by
what did you do and really
you even have a feeling for me here
interfered and that were superfluous on this our
the second stage is over and right now we
find out what the next team package
on 6 reality